♪ T-E-E-N ♪
♪ T-I-T-A-N-S ♪
♪ Teen Titans, let's go ♪
♪ Teen Titans, go ♪
This planet is more
unforgiving than my own.
I have no friends, no home,
and very much of the hunger.
I mustn't.
Cats are sweet, but not to eat.
Yo, Star.
Could it be my wise-cracking,
TV alien friend?
Go ahead. Eat it.
No one's gonna miss just one cat.
One plump, juicy, delicious cat.
Robin?
You were living
amongst the rats and filth?
You betcha.
Kid Flash took the team
and voted me out.
He took the tower too.
The Flash child stole
the team and the home?
That's no big deal.
I found this spot and it's just dandy.
Gosh. What are you
doing here, Raven?
Well, my dad kicked me out for
not enslaving the universe.
So, now I have to
live on the streets.
Just like Robin.
Kicked off your own team?
Brutal.
It's really not a big deal.
Kinda wish people would stop talking about it.
Y'all got any trash to eat
or live in?
He's on hard times, yo.
Hey, it's no-pants guy.
Why ain't you in
your fancy new tower, huh?
Did Kid Flash steal it along
with the team or something?
Yes, and I'm fine with it.
You ains't look fine with it.
He is not fine with it.
Gee...
...willikers!
And this is all your fault.
If you guys didn't
get me so worked up.
Well, at least when you get all
worked up, you're not a push-over.
Maybe, if you was
always worked up,
you wouldn't have gotten
kicked off your own team.
Getting worked up
is what got me kicked off.
Hey, we got kicked
off the team too.
So, we's all rejects.
Yos, I just had an idea.
We should be a team.
A team of rejects?
Outsiders? Underdogs? I'm in.
I am also the in with
the outside underdogs.
This will really annoy
my dad. I'm in.
Uh, thanks but no thanks.
You four bring out
the worst in me
You are the welcome.
It is not a good thing.
But the regular you be letting
Kid Flash live up in your tower.
But the five of us together
would never let that happen.
Come on, Robin.
We're getting your tower back.
Ugh.
Gee, whiz.
We shouldn't be here.
Kid Flash will flip his lid
if he catches us.
This is your tower, remember?
You guys?
Whatever this is about,
I don't have time for it.
Somebody flushed some wet
wipes and backed up the toilet.
The package said
they were flushable.
You stole this man's home
and clogged the plumbing?
Our leader Robin has the
something to say to the you.
Oh, I do?
I... I... Yes.
I just wanted to
apologize for trespassing.
Yeah, that's right,
flash-in-a-pan.
- We callings you out, fool.
- No, we're not.
- Robin has had the enough of your push-arounds.
- No, I haven't.
And he's no longer the wimp
he used to be.
- Yes, I am.
- This sounds like a challenge.
Your team versus our team.
The winners get the tower.
And the losers gots to
leave Jump City, yo.
I do not agree with these terms.
Oh, that is so a deal.
Say goodbye to
Jump City, losers.
Gee, whiz, gang.
What are you doing?
We can't win against them.
They already
beat you in try-outs.
That was before
we had you as our leader.
But Kid Flash is right.
I'm not a leader.
Then we're just gonna
have to make you one.
And our first step, get
you out of those clothes.
Dang, they really went to town with the wet wipes.
Hey. Get out of my bathroom.
This isn't your bathroom.
You best be doing
a pee-pee dance, fool.
'Cause you're gonna be
holding it for a minute.
Now, let's start with
the biggest problem area.
Give the man some pants.
Azarath Metrion Zinthos!
And lose them
little elf booties.
I wants to see some
stomping boots, yo.
Sick.
And the cape must
cover the posterior.
Oh, much the better.
Now to do something
about that hair.
- Now that's what's up, dude.
- Oh, yeah!
Much more the appealing.
Are you guys pulling my leg?
I've got hedgehog hair
and my thighs are already
hot from all this fabric.
New clothes won't make him a leader.
Nothing will.
Now, get out so I can pee.
Oh, who are we kidding.
He's right.
I'm too much of a wimp.
Maybe you're right.
You did just let him take your team, after all.
You don't have to rub it in.
Only a wimp would let someone
kick them out of their own home.
That's enough, guys.
And don't forget. He lets that fool
flush them wet wipes down his pipes.
Those are my wet wipes!
And there is no such thing
as a flushable wipe.
Even if it says so
on the package.
Everyone knows that.
The voice. So commanding!
I'll follow that voice anywhere.
You guys really do bring out
the worst in me.
And I like it.
First off,
we are the Teen Titans,
not them.
Sir, yes, sir.
And we are gonna destroy them.
And how are we gonna do it?
Any way we can.
Titans, go!
Hi, thanks for coming.
Okay. So, like the try-outs, this
challenge will consist of combat,
problem solving
and if we need a tie-breaker,
speed.
Ooh, he stole your try-outs too?
Yes, but like everything else,
I made them better.
So, let's start with combat.
This is not your usual
combat dummy.
This one fights back.
Come on, Victor.
We're all counting on you.
I don't know, coach.
That thing looks tough.
You wanted to be a superhero.
Well, this is your chance.
It's gonna destroy me.
You said you trusted me
as a leader, right?
Well, I promise you, at the end
of this, no matter what happens,
you will be a true superhero.
Okay. Let's do this.
Yo, time out. Victor's hurt.
Why did I let you
talk me into this?
Yeah. That's
a disqualification.
No, no. He's not done. We're just gonna
pop over to the hospital real quick.
Hey, chumps.
Victor?
The name's Cyborg now,
'cause the doctors had to replace my
broken body parts with robot parts.
- That's cheating.
- Too bad.
Time in!
Dabba-de-doo!
Yes, short-circuited.
Next challenge is a puzzle.
Only if you can't solve it.
I got this. It's not like
it's gonna explode in my face.
Ow! Ow! Oh, my eye!
That was easy.
It all comes down to
the tiebreaker for the tower.
Which, unfortunately for you,
is the speed challenge.
A foot race around the world.
- No problem.
- Are you serious? Is he serious?
Oh, but...
Oh, he's serious. Okay...
Oh. Oh,
you'll just so never beat me.
We'll see about that, Kid Trash.
In your face!
Oh, boy. Okay.
Yeah, this will be fun.
Titans, quick. To the tower. Lock 'em out.
Yes!
Nice try.
- You really are fast.
- Told you, I couldn't be beat.
I guess not.
And while the old me would have
conceded the tower to you like a gentleman,
this is the new me.
No, no, no.
That hurt so much.
Titans, take out the trash.
No, no, no.
So much longer of a drop
than I thought.
Now get out of the city
and never come back.
- Wow. What a ruthless leader.
- Come on, guys.
We're going to the East Coast.
And that's the flashback, dude.
Wow. What a wonderful story
about how you turned me
from the All-American Boy Wonder
into a raging control freak.
It's true.
We bring out your worst.
But your worst
brings out our best.
And we can never thank you
enough for that.
Oh, golly, uh, I didn't know
you felt that way, gang.
He said "golly."
Stop that. Stop that.
You will not mock me.
I am your leader.
Your leader! Silence!
Stop it!